README.md, before:

# Assignment 9

For this assignment you are given skeleton classes with some methods already implemented. Your job is to implement the missing methods and then complete the Runner class by using the current methods and the ones you created.

Download the three files: Library.java, Book.java, RentalSystemRunner.java

The files have descriptions for the methods already implemented and the ones you need to complete.

### Your output should look like the following:

```
Library hours:
Libraries are open daily from 9am to 5pm.

Library addresses:
10 Main St.
228 Liberty St.

List of books at Library (10 Main St.):
"The Da Vinci Code" by Dan Brown (2003)
"Jurassic Park" by Michael Crichton (1990)
"The Catcher in the Rye" by J. D. Salinger (1951)
"The Glass Castle" by Jeannette Walls (2005)
"The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time" by Mark Haddon (2003)

List of books at Library (228 Liberty St.)
"1984" by George Orwell (1949)

Which book would you like to borrow?
You successfully rented "Jurassic Park" from Library (10 Main St.)
"Jurassic Park" is not in the catalog at Library (228 Liberty St.)

List of books at Library (10 Main St.):
"The Da Vinci Code" by Dan Brown (2003)
"Jurassic Park" by Michael Crichton (1990)
"The Catcher in the Rye" by J. D. Salinger (1951)
"The Glass Castle" by Jeannette Walls (2005)
"The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time" by Mark Haddon (2003)

List of books at Library (228 Liberty St.)
"1984" by George Orwell (1949)

Which book would you like to return?
You successfully returned "The Lord of the Rings" to Library (10 Main St.)
Your book was 3 days late. You owe $0.75

List of books at Library (10 Main St.):
"The Da Vinci Code" by Dan Brown (2003)
"Jurassic Park" by Michael Crichton (1990)
"The Catcher in the Rye" by J. D. Salinger (1951)
"The Glass Castle" by Jeannette Walls (2005)
"The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time" by Mark Haddon (2003)

List of books at Library (228 Liberty St.)
"1984" by George Orwell (1949)
```

Commit message:

Fixed Lord of the Rings to be Jurassic Park

README.md, after:

# Assignment 9

For this assignment you are given skeleton classes with some methods already implemented. Your job is to implement the missing methods and then complete the Runner class by using the current methods and the ones you created.

Download the three files: Library.java, Book.java, RentalSystemRunner.java

The files have descriptions for the methods already implemented and the ones you need to complete.

### Your output should look like the following:

```
Library hours:
Libraries are open daily from 9am to 5pm.

Library addresses:
10 Main St.
228 Liberty St.

List of books at Library (10 Main St.):
"The Da Vinci Code" by Dan Brown (2003)
"Jurassic Park" by Michael Crichton (1990)
"The Catcher in the Rye" by J. D. Salinger (1951)
"The Glass Castle" by Jeannette Walls (2005)
"The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time" by Mark Haddon (2003)

List of books at Library (228 Liberty St.)
"1984" by George Orwell (1949)

Which book would you like to borrow?
You successfully rented "Jurassic Park" from Library (10 Main St.)
"Jurassic Park" is not in the catalog at Library (228 Liberty St.)

List of books at Library (10 Main St.):
"The Da Vinci Code" by Dan Brown (2003)
"Jurassic Park" by Michael Crichton (1990) -- OUT OF STOCK
"The Catcher in the Rye" by J. D. Salinger (1951)
"The Glass Castle" by Jeannette Walls (2005)
"The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time" by Mark Haddon (2003)

List of books at Library (228 Liberty St.)
"1984" by George Orwell (1949)

Which book would you like to return?
That book is not part of our catalog.
Are you sure you rented that book from this Library (228 Liberty St.)?
You successfully returned "Jurassic Park" to Library (10 Main St.)
Your book was 3 days late. You owe $0.75

List of books at Library (10 Main St.):
"The Da Vinci Code" by Dan Brown (2003)
"Jurassic Park" by Michael Crichton (1990)
"The Catcher in the Rye" by J. D. Salinger (1951)
"The Glass Castle" by Jeannette Walls (2005)
"The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time" by Mark Haddon (2003)

List of books at Library (228 Liberty St.)
"1984" by George Orwell (1949)
```
